`fffi` is a tool to transparently use shared libraries generated by Fortran in
Python with NumPy arrays. It is based on CFFI and assumes the use of gfortran.

The philosophy of `fffi` differs from `F2PY` in the sense that no rewriting or
recompilation of Fortran code should be required. Practical and intuitive
usability with a minimum of effort by the user is the top priority. The common
case required by a majority of codes shall have the simplest possible usage.

Basic usage using CFFI (fast) API mode with shared library
`libtest_arrays.so` containing module `mod_arrays`:
1. Import fffi and initialize `fortran_module` object `mod_arrays`
```
from fffi import fortran_module
mod_arrays = fortran_module('test_arrays', 'mod_arrays')
```

2. Define and generate Python extension
  (only on first run or if library routines have been added/changed)
```
mod_arrays.cdef("""
      void {mod}_test_vector(array_1d *vec);
      void {mod}_test_array_2d(array_2d *arr);
    """)
mod_arrays.compile()
```
Here `array_Nd` structs are defined as an ad-hoc representation for internal
array descriptors of Fortran compilers.
3. Load interface module to library
```
  mod_arrays.load()
```
4. Calling of a subroutine `test_vector` in `mod_arrays` is as simple as
```
  vec = np.ones(15)
  mod_arrays.test_vector(vec)
```

This example can be found and extended based on the `tests/01_arrays` directory.

1. Possibly add new testing routines to `mod_arrays.f90` and `test_arrays.f90`
2. Run `make`. This generates a shared library `libtest_arrays.so` and
   a Fortran executable `test_arrays.x` for reference output
3. Edit and run `test_arrays.py`

Current status:

* Code generation and invocation is transparent by encapsulation in Python class
* CFFI API mode is used (pre-generate C extension module as a wrapper)
* Subroutine signatures are defined via C equivalent in CFFI cdef
* Array descriptor structs are working with gfortran 7.3
* First tests to define signatures directly in Fortran syntax via Fortran parser

Next steps:

* Check synergies with https://github.com/DLR-SC/F2x
* Add flexibility with regard to types, floating-point precision, etc.
* Allow subroutine signature definition in Fortran (`fdef` instead of `cdef`)
* Allow for ABI mode in addition to API mode, and static library API mode
* Add support for Intel and PGI in addition to GNU Fortran compiler
* Test in real world applications
